SymbolEmbedding
===============

``SymbolEmbedding`` is a representation of a symbol in the form of a
high-dimensional vector. It is used to store and manipulate embeddings
for various symbols in the code. These embeddings are created using
machine learning models and can be used to make similarity comparisons
between different symbols. ``SymbolEmbedding`` is closely related to
``Symbol``, ``SymbolEmbeddingMap``, and ``SymbolSimilarity``, which are
used to store, manage, and calculate similarities between symbols,
respectively.

Overview
--------

``SymbolEmbedding`` contains the following attributes:

-  ``symbol``: An instance of the ``Symbol`` class representing the
   symbol associated with the embedding.
-  ``vector``: A ``numpy`` array containing the high-dimensional vector
   embedding of the symbol.
-  ``source_code``: A string representing the source code of the symbol.

The ``SymbolEmbedding`` class provides an efficient way to store and
manipulate symbol embeddings generated using machine learning models.

Related Symbols
---------------

-  ``automata.core.search.symbol_types.Symbol``
-  ``automata.core.search.symbol_rank.symbol_embedding_map.SymbolEmbeddingMap``
-  ``automata.core.search.symbol_rank.symbol_similarity.SymbolSimilarity``

Example
-------

.. code:: python

   import numpy as np
   from automata.core.search.symbol_types import Symbol
   from automata.core.search.symbol_rank.symbol_embedding_map import SymbolEmbedding

   symbol = Symbol("scip-python python automata 75482692a6fe30c72db516201a6f47d9fb4af065 `automata.core.agent.automata_agent_enums`/ActionIndicator#")
   vector = np.random.rand(10)
   source_code = "class ActionIndicator(Enum): ..."

   symbol_embedding = SymbolEmbedding(symbol=symbol, vector=vector, source_code=source_code)

Limitations
-----------

``SymbolEmbedding`` does not have any inherent limitations, but it is
important to note that its usefulness mainly depends on the quality of
the embeddings generated by the machine learning models. These
embeddings are used to assess the similarity between symbols, so their
quality will directly impact the performance of similarity-based tasks.

Follow-up Questions:
--------------------

-  Are there any specific models or methods used to generate the
   high-dimensional vector embeddings for symbols?
-  How can we improve the quality of the embeddings to better represent
   the relationships between symbols?
